README.md, before:

# nathanpayne.dev
Portfolio showcasing some of my work. 

## Technologies
- HTML
- TailwindCSS
- PostCSS
- Javascript
- Node.js + express
- Nginx

## Purpose
This site is built using a node.js backend with Tailwind CSS classes. Javascript is used to animate various elements.

Tailwind is a lower level css framework which adds more intuitive classes to the HTML but requires almost no custom CSS, no naming of custom classes, no context switching and therefore easily reusable modular site components.

I chose Tailwind because it prevents a large and hard to navigate css file which takes more time to work in, leads to hard to find conflicts and uneccessary css overwrites.

It is used here as a plugin through POSTcss which includes useful tools like auto-prefixer (increasing browser compatability) and purgeCSS (reducing Tailwinds final build size to < 10kb.)

To deploy I use Nginx as a reverse proxy on a linux server. This required command line tools, process managers and SSL certificates.

## Timespan
This project was worked on part-time for about a week

## Tasks to complete
- Use of more prominent color to break apart sections 
- Greater distinction between typographies
- increase image size / use a gif or modal showing projects
- increase column size when describing projects
- animated svg on landing replacing background image
-

Commit message:

minor changes to project detail expansion button, update readme.md

README.md, after:

# nathanpayne.dev
Portfolio showcasing some of my work. 

## Technologies
- HTML
- TailwindCSS
- PostCSS
- Javascript
- Node.js + express
- Nginx

## Purpose
This site is built using a node.js backend with Tailwind CSS classes. Javascript is used to animate various elements.

Tailwind is a lower level css framework which adds more intuitive classes to the HTML but requires almost no custom CSS, no naming of custom classes, no context switching and therefore easily reusable modular site components.

I chose Tailwind because it prevents a large and hard to navigate css file which takes more time to work in, leads to hard to find conflicts and uneccessary css overwrites.

It is used here as a plugin through POSTcss which includes useful tools like auto-prefixer (increasing browser compatability) and purgeCSS (reducing Tailwinds final build size to < 10kb.)

To deploy I use Nginx as a reverse proxy on a linux server. This required command line tools, process managers and SSL certificates.

## Timespan
This project was worked on part-time for about a week

## Tasks to complete
- use a gif or modal to show projects
- hook up nodemailer/emailjs to contact form 
- link to linked-in 
- Host PRNT project and activate link to it
